docs: add open-collective (#5216)
fastify/fastify: EXPENSE_POLICY.md

> # Expense Policy

Reviewer: I We should write somewhere that the admins of the opencollective are the leads

# Expense Policy

Fastify is an OpenJS Foundation project, and it accepts donations through the
[Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/fastify/) platform to enhance the

> project and support the community.

Reviewer: This paragraph is in contradiction with the following one. We are not _accepting donations_ as Fastify, but as the Fastify collaborators.

Author: Fixed

> This Collective is run by and for the benefit of the independent contributors to
> the Fastify open source software project.
> This Collective is not endorsed or administered by OpenJS Foundation, Inc.
> (the “OpenJS Foundation”), the OpenJS Foundation does not receive and has
> no control over any funds contributed, the OpenJS Foundation does not direct or
> otherwise supervise the actions of any contributor to the Fastify project,
> and all donations made will be expended for the private benefit of or otherwise
> to reimburse individuals that do not have an employer/employee, contractor, or
> other agency relationship with the OpenJS Foundation.
> The Fastify marks used herein are used under license from the OpenJS Foundation
> for the benefit of the open source software community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This Collective is run by and for the benefit of the independent contributors to
the Fastify open source software project.
This Collective is not endorsed or administered by OpenJS Foundation, Inc.
(the “OpenJS Foundation”). The OpenJS Foundation does not receive or have
control over any funds contributed. The OpenJS Foundation does not direct or
otherwise supervise the actions of any contributor to the Fastify project,
and all donations made will be expended for the private benefit of or otherwise
to reimburse individuals that do not have an employer/employee, contractor, or
other agency relationship with the OpenJS Foundation.
The Fastify marks used herein are used under license from the OpenJS Foundation
for the benefit of the open source software community.
```
Very long sentence, needed breaking up.

The admins of the Fastify Collective are the [lead maintainers](./GOVERNANCE.md)
of the project.

This document outlines the process for requesting reimbursement or an invoice
for expenses.

## Reimbursement

Reimbursement is applicable for expenses already paid, such as:

- Stickers
- Gadgets
- Hosting

**Before making any purchases**, initiate a [new discussion](https://github.com/orgs/fastify/discussions)
in the `fastify` organization with the following information:

- What is needed
- Why it is needed
- Cost
- Deadline

Once the discussion is approved by a lead maintainer and with no unresolved objections,
the purchase can proceed, and an expense can be submitted to the [Open Collective][submit].
This process takes a minimum of 3 business days from the request to allow time for
discussion approval.

> The discussion helps prevent misunderstandings and ensures the expense isn't rejected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The discussion helps prevent misunderstandings and ensures the expense is not rejected.
```
Formal documentation so it shouldn't use contractions.
